backend/README.md, before:

  # Jarvis backend RPi API

## Structure

```
├── src
│   ├── modules
│   │   └── <api_module_name>
│   └── main.js
├── package.json
├── README.MD
└── .gitignore
```

## Runtime environment - Deno

### Installation

Official manual https://deno.com/manual@v1.33.3/getting_started/installation

or

download `zip` from https://github.com/denoland/deno/releases/tag/v1.33.3


Try this command to check
```
deno --version
```
you should get something like
```
deno 1.33.3 (release, x86_64-pc-windows-msvc)
v8 11.4.183.2
typescript 5.0.4
```

### Run

Run via project npm script:
```
# Run in DEV mode (starts with file watcher)
npm run dev

# Run in DEBUG mode (starts without file watcher, you can connect with Chrome inspect debugger)
npm run debug

# Run in PROD mode
npm run start
```
Or run Deno directly:
```
deno run --allow-net main.js

# Watch mode
deno run --watch --allow-net main.js
```
Official manual https://deno.com/manual@v1.33.3/getting_started/command_line_interface#watch-mode

### Testing
Run via project npm script:
```
npm run test
```
Run tests directly via Deno:
```
# Run all tests in the current directory and all sub-directories
deno test

# Run all tests in the util directory
deno test util/

# Run just my_test.ts
deno test my_test.ts

# Run test modules in parallel
deno test --parallel
```

Official manual https://deno.com/manual@v1.33.3/basics/testing#testing

Commit message:

new: typescript and jest support

backend/README.md, after:

  # Jarvis backend RPi API

## Structure

```
├── src
│   ├── modules
│   │   └── <api_module_name>
│   └── main.js
├── package.json
├── README.MD
└── .gitignore
```

## Runtime environment - Node.js

### Installation

Official Linux (Debian) manual https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#debian-versions

or

download `zip` from https://nodejs.org/en/download


Try this command to check
```
node -v
npm -v
```
you should get something like
```
v20.8.0

```

### Run

Run via project npm script:
```
# Run in DEV mode (starts with file watcher)
npm run dev

# Run in DEBUG mode (starts without file watcher, you can connect with Chrome inspect debugger)
npm run debug

# Run in PROD mode
npm run start
```

### Testing
Run via project npm script:
```
# Run all tests in the current directory and all sub-directories
npm run test
```
Run tests directly via Deno:
```
# Run all tests in the current directory and all sub-directories
???

# Run all tests in the util directory
???

# Run just my_test.ts
???

# Run test modules in parallel
???
```
